There are some restrictions on the rest parameter.
Now we learn that arrest parameter is signified by three dots followed by whatever we would like to
name the parameter.
And essentially what will happen is any extra parameters that get passed in like what we did here will
get put into an array.
And that's why it's called a rest parameter because the rest of the parameters get stuffed into this
array right here that we named.
Now like I said there are restrictions so one of the restrictions is that you can't put it in the middle.
So for example right here if I put a parameter after my rest parameter that would be a syntax error
because it has to be the last parameter because technically this represents an infinite number of parameters.
So it would take forever literally to actually get to the final parameter so it has to be the last parameter.
Now aside from that the other limit is you can't use it with set in object literal syntax so if you
remember from previous videos when we talked about using a setter function like so we might have said
and then inside of here we might set the value of one of our properties in this object right here.
You can't use a rest parameter like so.
And the reason for this is because set is only intended to receive one argument only intended to have
one parameter that is whatever value you would like to set your particular property to.
And in this case rest represents an infinite number of parameters.
So it completely goes against the grain of what set is supposed to do.
So those are the two main restrictions on using resk parameters.
It has to be the last parameter inside of your function parameter list and whenever you use set in object
literal syntax you can't use resk parameters.